---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "talos_image_factory_urls Data Source - talos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generates URLs for different assets supported by the Talos image factory.
---

# talos_image_factory_urls (Data Source)

Generates URLs for different assets supported by the Talos image factory.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "talos_image_factory_urls" "this" {
  talos_version = "v1.7.5"
  schematic_id  = "376567988ad370138ad8b2698212367b8edcb69b5fd68c80be1f2ec7d603b4ba"
  platform      = "metal"
}

output "installer_image" {
  value = data.talos_image_factory_urls.this.installer_image
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `schematic_id` (String) The schematic ID for which the URLs are generated.
- `talos_version` (String) The Talos version for which the URLs are generated.

### Optional

- `architecture` (String) The platform architecture for which the URLs are generated. Defaults to amd64.
- `platform` (String) The platform for which the URLs are generated.

	#### Metal

		- metal

    #### Cloud Platforms
        - aws
        - gcp
        - equinixMetal
        - azure
        - digital-ocean
        - openstack
        - vmware
        - akamai
        - hcloud
        - nocloud
        - oracle
        - upcloud
        - vultr
- `sbc` (String) The SBC's (Single Board Copmuters) for which the url are generated.

    #### Single Board Computers
        - rpi_generic
        - bananapi_m64
        - nanopi_r4s
        - jetson_nano
        - libretech_all_h3_cc_h5
        - orangepi_r1_plus_lts
        - pine64
        - rock64
        - rock4cplus
        - rock4se
        - rockpi_4
        - rockpi_4c

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `urls` (Attributes) The URLs for different assets supported by the Talos image factory. If the URL is not available for a specific asset, it will be an empty string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--urls))

<a id="nestedatt--urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `urls`

Read-Only:

- `disk_image` (String) The URL for the disk image.
- `disk_image_secureboot` (String) The URL for the disk image with secure boot.
- `initramfs` (String) The URL for the initramfs image.
- `installer` (String) The URL for the installer image.
- `installer_secureboot` (String) The URL for the installer image with secure boot.
- `iso` (String) The URL for the ISO image.
- `iso_secureboot` (String) The URL for the ISO image with secure boot.
- `kernel` (String) The URL for the kernel image.
- `kernel_command_line` (String) The URL for the kernel command line.
- `pxe` (String) The URL for the PXE image.
- `uki` (String) The URL for the UKI image.
